analysis/readme.md, before:

# Guide to the analysis scripts #


Here you will find a bunch of matlab scripts used to analyse the data.

## Setup ##

1. These scripts have a dependency on the [tapas analysis toolbox](https://github.com/translationalneuromodeling/tapas). Add it to your matlab path.
2. Add the Old.xlsx, PD.xlsx and Young.xlsx files to the analysis directory.
3. The first line of each file consists of the following:

        basepath = "..\data";
If the data folder is not located in this path, you will need to edit the first line of each file before running.


## AccuracyAnalysis.m ##

This is a model-free analysis which compares the playback accuracy of each group. It counts the number of timedOuts and incorrectPlay rounds for each participant, and produces a bar chart which compares the mean accuracy for each of the three groups.

## GenerateFigure*.m ##

These files generate the figures used in the dissertation.

## GetTimingsArray.m ##

This is a helper function used by all scripts to calculate the inter-keystroke interval for each round.

## HgfSums.m ## 

This file extracts the learning rates for each participant.

## Model*Analysis.m ##

These files fit the various computational models (listed in table 3 of the dissertation) to the results in the data folder.

## ParseFile.m ##

This is a helper function which parses one of the json files into a matlab table.

## ResultsAnalysis.m ##

This fits all computational models to a specific participant

## ResultsAnalysisMovie.m ##

This was unused in the final paper. You can probably ignore this file.

## ScoreAnalysis.m ##

This is a model-free analysis which compares the score for each group.

## ScoreAnalysisArray.m ##

This is a model-free analysis which compares the score for each group.

## SimulateModels.m ##

This simple script executes all ModelAnalysis* files in a fire/forget manner. This is useful for an overnight run of all
computational models

## some_models.m ##

This is 

## TimingAnalysis.m ##

This is a model-free analysis which compares the interkeystroke interval for each group.

## TimingAnalysis2.m ##

The same as TimingAnalysis.m except outliers (any participants with z-scores > 4 for the mean timing) are excluded.

Commit message:

Added roundinfo.ipynb, which refreshes young.xlsx, old.xlsx and pd.xlsx from Qualtrics exports

analysis/readme.md, after:

# Guide to the analysis scripts #


Here you will find a bunch of matlab scripts used to analyse the data.

## Setup ##

1. These scripts have a dependency on the [tapas analysis toolbox](https://github.com/translationalneuromodeling/tapas). Add it to your matlab path.
2. Add the Old.xlsx, PD.xlsx and Young.xlsx files to the analysis directory.
3. The first line of each file consists of the following:

        basepath = "..\data";
If the data folder is not located in this path, you will need to edit the first line of each file before running.


## AccuracyAnalysis.m ##

This is a model-free analysis which compares the playback accuracy of each group. It counts the number of timedOuts and incorrectPlay rounds for each participant, and produces a bar chart which compares the mean accuracy for each of the three groups.

## GenerateFigure*.m ##

These files generate the figures used in the dissertation.

## GetTimingsArray.m ##

This is a helper function used by all scripts to calculate the inter-keystroke interval for each round.

## HgfSums.m ## 

This file extracts the learning rates for each participant.

## Model*Analysis.m ##

These files fit the various computational models (listed in table 3 of the dissertation) to the results in the data folder.

## ParseFile.m ##

This is a helper function which parses one of the json files into a matlab table.

## ResultsAnalysis.m ##

This fits all computational models to a specific participant

## ResultsAnalysisMovie.m ##

This was unused in the final paper. You can probably ignore this file.

## RoundInfo.ipynb ##

This Jupyter notebook allows you to regenerate the xlsx files Young.xlsx, Old.xlsx and PD.xlsx files, from an export of
survey data from Qualtrics.

## ScoreAnalysis.m ##

This is a model-free analysis which compares the score for each group.

## ScoreAnalysisArray.m ##

This is a model-free analysis which compares the score for each group.

## SimulateModels.m ##

This simple script executes all ModelAnalysis* files in a fire/forget manner. This is useful for an overnight run of all
computational models

## TimingAnalysis.m ##

This is a model-free analysis which compares the interkeystroke interval for each group.

## TimingAnalysis2.m ##

The same as TimingAnalysis.m except outliers (any participants with z-scores > 4 for the mean timing) are excluded.
